Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way...
…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way… Get out of the way... out of the way... out of the way... out of the way... out of the way... out of the way... out of the way... out of the way...
…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way… Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way...
…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…Get out of the way…
Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way... Get out of the way...
Since I was taught a lesson by you last time
Now I have changed my confidence
I really want to ask for your forgiveness
I have to be active tomorrow
I'll be there on time
Then I won't let you go and come out.